Add functions for determining compression defaults (#6386)
timescale/timescaledb: tsl/src/compression/README.md

by the UI to give good defaults. They can also be called internally when a hypertable has compression enabled
but no values are provided to specify these options.

## `_timescaledb_functions.get_segmentby_defaults`

This function determines a segment_by column to use. It returns a JSONB with the following top-level keys:
- columnss: an array of column names that shold be used for segment by. Right now it always returns a single column.
- confidence: a number between 0 and 10 (most confident) indicating how sure we are.
- message: a message that should be shown to the user to evaluate the result.

The intuition is as follows:

we use 2 criterias:
- We want to pick an "important" column for querying. We measure "importance", in terms of how early the column comes in an index (i.e. leading columns are very important, others less so).
- The column has many rows for the same column value so that the segments will have many rows. We establish that a column will have many values if (i) it is not a dimension and (ii) either statistics tell us so (via `stadistinct` > 1) or, if statistics aren't populated, we check whether the column is a generated identity or serial column.

> Naturally, statistcs give us more confidence that the column has enough rows per segment. In this case we break ties by prefering columns from unique indexes. Otherwise, we prefer columns from non-unique indexes (we are less likely to run into a unique column there).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Naturally, statistics give us more confidence that the column has enough rows per segment. In this case we break ties by prefering columns from unique indexes. Otherwise, we prefer columns from non-unique indexes (we are less likely to run into a unique column there).
```

> Thus, our preference is based on the whether the column is from a unique or regular index as well as the position of the column in the index. Given these prefernces, we think ties happend rarely but will be resolved arbitrarily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, our preference is based on the whether the column is from a unique or regular index as well as the position of the column in the index. Given these preferences, we think ties happened rarely but will be resolved arbitrarily.
```
